---
comments: true
title: "A Monster's Identity"
draft: false
tags: NathanW
---
 
<i>This Piece is a Fanfic of the book A Monster Calls by Patrick Ness, and follows on from a few weeks after the events of the book.</i>

He couldn’t forget the monster. His breath, coming heavily into his pillow, shook his body as he thought. That monster, with the cracking limbs, the gnarled body, and those eyes, those eyes that seemed so, so familiar, boring into his mind like the Conor had known the monster before it had come walking. Like he had known him forever. But it couldn’t be. The monster, the yew tree, had told him that it was eternal, alive for as long as injustice persisted. He believed it. The monster thrummed, exuded, vibrated life, like it and life itself were friends. Conor wondered how the tree did it. How it lived, how it survived, in a world plagued with death. How could it stay in a world where it stood exempt from humanity, stood aloof from the world? That was what, Conor realised, made it a monster, made it not human.

The house was dark, and Conor shifted over to the other side of his bed, the metal frame groaning as it bore his weight. His breath stained the glass as he turned to look out at the yew tree. The yew tree was still, really looked as old as time, planted over the cemetery so it could watch both death and life combine. The limbs of the tree wallowed in the mist, glimpses of the leaves flowing in and out of the fog. The tree, who his mum had talked about for hours. Who had come walking for Conor for so many nights. Who had, over time, had become one of Conor’s friends. He sighed, and suddenly realised that he missed the monster.

Cernunnos. The Green Man. Herne the Hunter. These were the only names the monster had provided for him, three of infinite, the monster had said. He knew, had seen, the Green Man, when he had had that final walk with his mother in the church. Cernunnos, he had learnt, was a Celtic god of wilderness, and Herne the Hunter a famous legend of a horned hunter. They perfectly fit the monster and encompassed it in its most absolute being. Nature. Wilderness. Supernatural. He thought about what the monster had taught him. Immoral justice. Belief in healing. Justified anger. They were strange, weird, tangible truths that were confusing but somehow felt right. How was it that the monster, so inhuman, could understand the most human truths of all? Conor’s hair, made messy by his bed, begged for a scratch and he complied. How could the wildest thing he had ever known, know him, understand him and - and - and be him. The question morphed into a realisation as Conor’s eyes widened and he scrambled out of his bed.

Justice. Belief. Anger. All the things Conor thought he had already or didn’t need - the things the monster taught him was in him all along. It had come walking for him, not because it saw him, but because it was him. The monster was him, the wild emotions he experienced, the raw grief he felt, and it had burst out of him, manifested, come walking, to show him what he was missing. The monster was wild, uncontrollable as nature, and as much as it was Conor it was not, and this strange truth echoed the lessons of the monster. I wish I had a hundred years, His mother had said to him, A hundred years I could give to you. And Conor knew that from the monster he had learnt much more than 100 years, that he himself had unlocked an eternal part of humanity. He looked at his drawings on his desk in his pyjamas. The monster, with life in its eyes, which he knew now was his life.

Conor and the monster slept peacefully, facing the yew tree.
