---
comments: true
title: The Terror of Olympus
draft: false
tags: NathanW
---

“Take this” thundered Zeus “you are forbidden to open it”.  Zeus had handed Sidney a box who passed it to Nathan and he put it in his backpack. ”Time to go” said Thomas. “Hermes, guide these people down”. “We very much appreciate your help” said Adam. The four had climbed Mount Olympus to meet the gods. Hermes appeared and led them a quarter down. “I cannot go over my border”  “goodbye”. Hermes then disappeared.

“Are we there yet”? moaned Adam. He got no answer. The others were busy gathering sticks for the night. They had no food left. Thomas said whatever was in the box they would have to eat so when they lighted the fire they would put the box on it so the thing inside it would be burnt. Soon, the fire was ready and Sidney carefully placed the box on top of the fire. Suddenly, the box burst and the group expected to see a scorched chicken or some cooked food at least. But instead, they found a gigantic beast not at all harmed and much bigger when it stood.

“Who are you”? Said Nathan, trembling. “I am Tratoomark, terror of Olympus, only overpowered by Zeus and the people of Tatasllykia”. “Thank you for freeing, I will now devour you” Tratoomark charged at the boys but missed and hit a tree that gave enough impact to Tratoomark for the boys to escape though when they lost sight of him they were soon doubled over panting. “Well that was not necessary” Mumbled Sidney. “What are you doing Nathan?” Adam asked. Nathan and Thomas were walking back up the mountain “we have to track down Tratoomark before he gets down and destroys Greece! Said Thomas in an answer. Ouch! Adam had stepped on a twig. The group had hiked the mountain for three days and still had no sign of Tratoomark. Now, the boys had to feed on berries which were now very rare in the parts of the mountain in Greece. “What’s this’? Adam hadn’t stepped on a twig. Instead, it was a scorched cardboard box… The box looked familiar but Adam couldn’t recognise why but suddenly he remembered why but suddenly he remembered. In his head, a big thought was bouncing around brain, telling him that it was the box that Tratoomark had escaped from. Now all they had to do was follow his footprints. The problem was Tratoomark hadn’t left any footprints because it was a hard surface, and even the heaviest thing couldn’t make a dent in it. The easy part was that Tratoomark told them it was going down so they already knew where he was headed and only had to hike down again. So Adam called his friends and told them everything he had found. Soon, they were hiking down again with Adam at the front. Sidney thought of the destruction that was going to happen to Greece and found that his footsteps became quicker until he started to run and found a shadow leaning over him which looked like a tree but was actually a giant bell with the name Zeus engraved on it. Then Sidney heard a roar and signalled the others to come and look but the roar was coming closer and Nathan, Sidney, Thomas and Adam were forced to hide behind the bell. The roar was finally close enough to make the bell shatter but the roar turned into stomping. The boys realized it was Tratoomark. “Maybe I should ring the bell “said Nathan meekly. He did, and Zeus came flying and soon defeated Tratoomark and Tratoomark was never seen again.
