---
comments: true
title: Thomas M - My Year in 2020
draft: false
tags: ThomasM
---
 
Everybody was excited for the start of a new year, a new decade, and a new opportunity for life. As well as a year without the severe bushfires ravaging rural town houses (this wish was immediately destroyed and thrown out the window). If this crazy beginning was not enough, some floods, a major drought and a virus that spread globally, tragically taking loved ones from families, eventually causing havoc in the toilet paper isles across Australia, topped off the unusual beginning to the year. This ‘different’ year will surely go down in the history book of odd years. This short summary will fill you in on all of the details (including the impossible fine print).  

While the bushfires were off and scorching the eastern states, my family and I were fortunate enough to be able to head up the coast to Nelson Bay. A week of snorkelling and body boarding at the beach highly appealed to all of us, so we packed our bags and headed for the coast being very careful not to forget the sneaky lolly jar. The highlight was the snorkelling trip out to Broughton Island where we swam with some colourful coral that had not been bleached, exotic marine species (such as wobbegong sharks) and walked through an amazing cave. Three of my favourite species of marine life that I spotted snorkelling at Fly Point was a stonefish, a few large pufferfish, as well as different species of stingrays like the shovelnose ray. An extremely rare creature that is only seen in northern parts of Australia (which makes me wonder what it was doing in NSW).

We were able to fit in a few soccer training sessions and half a term of school before everything changed. The bushfires started at Christmas time and went right through the New Year. As I mentioned earlier, the bushfires raged in NSW and QLD, still uncontained, were topped off with a mega drought putting farmers behind on rain by 11 years were all part of this crazy start to 2020. People thought they were safe when rain was scheduled, but that was just the invitation for a flood to join the party. If all this was not enough, coronavirus, or COVID 19, struck tearing apart the economy. Already mention in the introduction covid nineteen crushed families and put fear in many of our hearts which was the total opposite of what people needed after the other disasters. Most of you here will have heard of the literacy term, cause, and effect, which happens in everyday life. COVID was the cause, and lockdown home schooling was the effect. For some of us, that was a real struggle. Especially when you had an older sister on zoom meetings every hour chatting away while you were trying to do a spelling test! Covid was not all that bad though, as it inspired people to be creative and have fun at home, as well as making people realise how important having a family by your side is. People started writing silly songs and drawing up master pieces, using all that hidden talent no one (sometimes including yourself) though you had. When everything seemed bad, people always managed to find something that cheered us up. This is a symbol of human resilience, and how strong we can be when we stick together.

Hopefully, we can get the rest of the future sorted and find a vaccine which experts say they have ready (but most of the time end up ineffective). In the meantime, we must stay as hopeful and positive as we can, so I am going to finish off with one of my favourite sayings, also on a high note. “The good thing about hitting rock bottom, is that there’s only one way left to go… and that’s up.”
